No, next thing that we want to do is when we registered a company user user will select a company here,
and at that point, we want to assign this company to the new user that is created.
So if we go back and say we'll have to go to the page model, the company will be inside company I.D.
we want to assign that company already.
Only if the role is comfortable.
So when we are assigning the properties right here, we can check here if input dark role is equally
good as the Dark Company only, then we want the same user.
Dark Company I.D. is equal to input that company 18.
So that will assign the company ID inside the aspirin at user's table.
But you need to make sure that role is also assigned and then we are assigning the roles.
So that is perfect.
Let me restart the application and now register a company user.
So that's what it is to hear.
With a select company here, and let me select Sparky
with that, let's check the register button that got created.
Let me see if there's go back to the database and we'll see the new user right here.
If we go to the right, the company, it should be calculated and perfect.
So with that, all of our users are working as expected and we are able to register the user based on
our requirement.
So everything with identity is looking good.
Let's continue in the next section.